#phase1

#Included
src:
    package presenter
    package gui
    package SaveFiles
    package gateway
    package databaseFiles
    package usecase
    package entity
    mainForGUI
    sqlite-jdbc-3.32.3.2.jar
this readme
UML diagram


#Instructions

Before you begin you will need to guarantee that you have a few libraries set up. Firstly in order to make sure the
database will run (and the program) you will need to add the file /phase2/src/sqlite-jdbc-3.32.3.2.jar as a library.
Simply open File > Project Structure > Libraries. Hit the plus at the top left-ish and locate the file mentioned above.
Then click ok to everything.

Next you will need to make sure that you have a JDK that will work with the Media class. Do not use the coretto JDK. It
does not support Media. If you get any error regarding Media it will most likely be a JDK issue.

Run the mainForGUI class located in src and you will be in the menu of the program where you can either log in, sign up,
or close the program. In order to log in you must create a new user by using the sign up option.
When you log in successfully you will be greeted with options ranging from Message to SignOut and if you are an
organizer or speaker you will also have additional options related to your role.


#Description

This program is a conference management system that handles organizing events and users. Users of the program can sign
up, log in, join events and message other users.

There are 4 types of users in this program:
- Attendee
- Organizer
- Speaker
- VIP

Attendee: An Attendee can message their friends, browse events, sign up to events, cancel events they signed up to,
change their display name or password, and add/remove friends.

Organizer: An organizer can do the same things as an Attendee but also create/remove events, add/remove speakers from
an event, create and set rooms for events and create new accounts

Speaker: A speaker can do the same things as an Attendee but also book to speak at an event and message users attending
an event.

VIP: A VIP can do the same things as an Attendee but also join VIP exclusive events.

Events can have no speaker to multiple speakers, different technologies, furniture, and what types of users that can
join the event. Events also have a capacity, time, and duration.


Examples:
If a user wants to see the details of an existing event they would press
Login > Events > Browse all events > View Details

If an organizer wants to make a room they would press
Login > Organizer Menu > Create a Room > confirm

If a speaker wanted to add themselves to an existing event they would press
Login > Speaker Menu > Book to speak at an event > confirm


The program has 4 starter accounts:

Username: Attendee
Password: Att
Type: Attendee

Username: Organizer
Password: Org
Type: Organizer

Username: Speaker
Password: Spk
Type: Speaker

Username: VIP
Password: VIP
Type: VIP

Username: Student1
Password: 1
Type: Attendee

Username: Student2
Password: 2
Type: Attendee

Username: Student3
Password: 3
Type: Attendee

#Acknowledgements
Eric Lin
Supanat Wangsutthitham
Victor JJ Ma
Jian Jia Chen
Syed Tawsif Ahmed
Steven Kimhen Lau
Victor Do
Asadullah Ahmed




